hey guys DJ here from DJ we goes back to
bring it another tutorial and this one
is what I would call a lava blade XP or
item farm this is most easily used as an
item farm loan as it kills them pretty
fast okay so I'm sitting in a nursing
chamber here which is seven display by
nine this way and the height doesn't
matter but it has to be at least three
high
but I've just made a nice little final
so I chamber so start with dealing this
out you'll have to do this outside will
start like that with you into a put
spawner and you have to do that one
layer down that is so you can flow the
water underneath start with it looks
right one start with the corner this is
the seven sided one here we're running
the water from put in water every second
one until gives you a perfect flow right
down to the end and from there you will
get one extra area that's exactly what
you want
training in a run through there
okay
you guys are now the chamber there ends
and you can fortune
bla bla I should be up there
so you dig back three I believe it's
right
and check your lover up there and it
should flow up the end and stay amount
of government all won't occur that's
right
and then here you need a place to
collect your drops okay it's
conventional done now
get rid of all these tortures in the
spawning chamber which might make it
harder you go to see much
just listen my voice we'll see what
happens
as I sorted out because of this money
so delete that that way
as you can see you get dropped through
there do is just stick tricky
so this is exactly where the audit again
Durante can just make a typo
blathers I guess
and so there we go there we have a fully
well to excel for Leyland weighing 303
everybody um raise this one was born I
was fine
yes
okay okay then so let's have a look at
this man
let's watch them
zombies get bashed
there's zero chance violence one as you
can see I'm testing these with hundreds
and hundreds of zombies
none survived
all right so that's it to this one if
you liked it give us a thumbs up and
subscribe like our Facebook page and
post Network any video tutorials you
want done for the future this is DJ
signing out